Tried to shorten all sections (#269)
ITU-DevOps2026/ITU-minitwit: report/sections/02-4-security.md

- **SSH Hardening**: Configuration scripts modify default SSH settings to limit retries, reduce the grace period, and disable password authentication.

- **Fail2ban**: A setup script is run on each droplet, configuring fail2ban. Any ip that fails an SSH connection twice in the span of 24 hours, is blacklisted for 24 hours.

- **Transport Security**: Let's Encrypt provisions SSL/TLS certificates for HTTPS encryption, and all HTTP traffic is automatically redirected to HTTPS.

### Application Security

- **SQL Injection Prevention**: Entity Framework handles database access using parameterized queries.

- **XSS Protection**: Razor Pages automatically encodes all HTML output to prevent Cross-Site Scripting.

- **Password Hashing**: User passwords are encrypted using PBKDF2 with salting to protect against brute-force attacks.

- **Static Code Diagnostics**: .NET analyzers detect security vulnerabilities. Our .editorconfig elevates these diagnostics to build errors, failing the build if a security issue is present.

### CI/CD Security Pipelines
We integrate two continuous security tools that run on pull requests to main, pushes to main, and on a weekly Monday schedule:

> -**Trivy**: Scans Dockerfiles for misconfigurations and then builds images and scan these for vulnerabilities, failing the workflow if any are found in either scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-**Trivy**: Scans Dockerfiles for misconfigurations and builds container images to scan these for vulnerabilities, failing the workflow if any are found in either scan.
```

-**CodeQL**: Executes static analysis queries against the codebase to detect common software vulnerabilities.

Scheduling both workflows to run weekly in addition to executing them on PR's and pushes is done in order to catch newly discovered vulnerabilities in code residing on production, that was previously thought to be secure.
 

> In addition to the things mentioned in this chapter, we also conducted a Security Assesment of our current system, to determine where we should put our effort, in terms of security, if we had more time to do this project. This can be found in the appendix, in the section [Risk Assesment](#risk-assesment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the things mentioned in this chapter, we also conducted a Security Assesment of our current system, to determine where we should put our effort, in terms of security, if we had more time to do this project. This can be found in the appendix [Risk Assesment](#risk-assesment).
```
